So, I'm really interested
it's what I call bridging the gap between the poets and the quants.
The idea is to make numbers tell a story and speak to
people who are not necessarily accustomed to working with data,
to make it into a story that they can digest,
understand and act upon.
So, I started out as a literary agent and studied
English literature and I realized that I was
actually interested in transitioning to the business side of media.
So, during my MBA I focused on statistics and big data electives wherever I could and I
also pursued my own online learning to learn the coding bits and the technical bit.
Just after the MBA I joined
the Bertelsmann group in the Bertelsmann entrepreneurs program.
In terms of the music industry at large,
the main applications of data science are around streaming.
So how do people discover music?
How are they consuming music?
Especially being able to track the path from
discovery to becoming a fan on streaming services.
Finding new acts, how can you automate some of that search especially
given the explosion of just the amount of content that is out there,
also just around being able to forecast and predict sales,
how much stock you should hold of final NCD's for example.
For me, it was really an experience of realizing that you can teach
yourself a tremendous amount of skills and especially technical skills.
I as somebody who originally was maybe afraid of things
like coding was able to just with persistence teach myself something,
and I feel like that's something that can really scale
because if I can do it really anybody can.